---
tags:
  - Session-Prep
---
## Characters  
  
**Akki.**
- Description.
  
**Idril.**
- Description.  
  
**Brass Fist.**
- Description.  

**Toby.**
- Description.

**Magnus.**
- Description.

**Edna & Xol.**
- Description.  

  
## Strong Start  
  
Description of your strong start.  
  
## Scenes  
  
* Small scene description.  
*  
*  
*  
*  
  
## Secrets and Clues  
  
* Secret description
*  
*  Foundry is working on giving new fabricants memories of old ones by memory shards similar to Codi. Watcher heavily involved.
*  
*  
*  
*  
*  
  
## Fantastic Locations  
  
**Last Rasp: The Designers Lounge** : Bar where designers socialise and show off their fabricants.

  
**Last Rasp: Greasers Pit** : aspect, aspect, aspect  
  
**Location**: aspect, aspect, aspect  
  
**Location**: aspect, aspect, aspect  
  
## Important NPCs  
  
**Fits-In-Vents.** 
[[Goblin]] mechanic assigned to the party as their pit-boss.   
He thinks he is an inventor because the 
  
**Tillian Crankshaft.** 
Male Last Rasp Announcer and Commentator 


**Zedra Spellforge.** 
Female Last Rasp Announcer and Commentator 




  
## Potential Monsters  
  
* MouseTrap - https://genesysadversaries.dylanpetrusma.com/#big-cat
* Rat Swarm - https://genesysadversaries.dylanpetrusma.com/#hyperrat-swarm 
*  2 Tiger-bots that when killed release the rat swarm
*  
*  
*  
## Potential Treasure  
  
* Description  
*  
*  



## Fabricant Fight Kat Notes
Sending this so i have access to it when im at home, consider this a draft 4 funni robot fights for georg 

(plus house bots, maybe one by a child? Nail on a spike of wood. Bipedal and animalistic allowed. Any desired traps too (put scout in it? With emp?) 

 Child made nail on wood board, using scrap metal glued together through sheer force of will. Very fragile (pneumatic? Or like vacuum parts to drive the board, has like tiny toy baby carriage wheels 

 Nemesis like, big box looking thing with a flipper hidden under a layer of flayed animal skin, intended to burn off. (professional made) 

 Mouse trap (&swarm) a silly looking slow moving cat thing with a little bopper paw. Will amble over using little triangular feet like a wind up toy and bopp with the little paw. Paired with a swarm of little mouse bots that release from a box it carries into the arena, there are like 20 of them and each have a little circular saw in the middle of their "face". Will swarm up an opponent to shred them 

 Scout (house bot) - immactulately kept and very intelligent fox shaped robot the size of a large dog. Crushing jaw fitted to it, tail opens out to a highly directional emp canon. Co owned by "The Devil" a fabricant who already hates flesh people 

Alright. here's the full list. I've slapped more stuff on it that you may choose to toss into the bin if you wish i wont mind. lol If i remember/have time i will send img 

 Child made  

nail on wood board, using scrap metal glued together with bits of string and tape and such. Very fragile (pneumatic? Or like vacuum parts to drive the board, has like tiny toy baby carriage wheels. It looks like shit and is easy to beat (maybe make them a child brass elf???? Like a this kid has never even seen the outside world till like last Tuesday situation) 

 Nemesis like, big box looking thing with a flipper hidden under a layer of flayed animal skin, intended to burn off. (professional made, looks like a flat go-kart. Probably not much intelligence but can tank a trip to a trap. Maybe needs something like piercing damage or electrical damage, an immunity to bludgeoning damage? 

 Mouse trap (& swarm) a silly looking slow moving cat thing with a little bopper paw. Will amble over using little triangular feet like a wind up toy and bopp with the little paw. Paired with a swarm of little mouse bots that release from a box it carries into the arena, there are like 20 of them and each have a little circular saw in the middle of their "face". Will swarm up an opponent to shred them. A bait and switch type, the mouse bots will shred wiring and casing and cut your legs off mm by mm. Maybe owned by something small or over looked like a halfling type 

 Scout (house bot) - immaculately kept and very intelligent fox shaped robot the size of a large dog. Crushing jaw fitted to it, tail opens out to a highly directional emp canon. Co-owned by "The Devil" a fabricant who already hates flesh people. (Also co-owned by an elven guy called Quentin (probs not a brass elf), who likely isn't too pleased about how his dog is being used, or that devil is a bit infected) Devil is belligerent, distrustful of flesh people, always willing to fleece and swindle and pull a profit. A mean bitch. Quentin is light hearted, bouncy, always willing to help those in need and absolutely jacked. Like strong man jacked. He's a swordsman by nature and very dramatic. He found and rebuilt Devil from a wreckage. They are now partners (too long a story to tell). They would die for each other.  

 A Bruiser - top half of a fabricant fight champion, soldered onto a moving base and used like one of the….. Less human like… fabricant fighters (house robot?) looks like he used to have boxing gloves but these have been removed to make them more violent, maybe spiked knuckles for more punch . Leaves oil slick trails? Probably an ex-champion that the ring organisers knew they could get money from even after they lost their legs  

 Claw bot thing - animalistic like large robot, resembling the cross between a rhinoceros beetle and a big rhino/lion (?) three pincers at front, two near mouth, one on nose. To pierce armour and crush, has a crushing jaw. Heavy enough to stomp down on opponents. A ramming type to catch opponents and crush caught limbs, will rip limbs off. Maybe owned by a big bulky guy? The kind that favours outright strength over anything else? 

 Nurse bots? Crude small robots that act as ring cleaners, they have a shovel, fire extinguisher (bucket) etc. each have different weapons? Like saws and tazers and stuff to move fighters out of the way? No idea what they look like have fun lol 

Floor traps - spike pit (barbed), oil pit, feathers (? Like a sort of wwe level humiliation move?), some kind of wine or water? (cos flammable and sticky? Or just normal water), trash (just trash), flame thrower. Audience members with swords and axes if they get too close to the edge. (Audience members also chuck snacks or drinks?)


