---
tags:
  - Session-Prep
---
## Characters  
  
**Akki.**
- Running Traps in Commentary Box.
  
**Idril.**
- Spying on Elana.  
  
**Brass Fist.**
- Fight.  

**Toby.**
- Fight.

**Magnus.**
- Fight.

**Edna & Xol.**
- Guarding Idril.  
  
## Strong Start  
  
- Mousetrap to rat swarm transformation
## Scenes  
  
* Rat Fight  
*  Watching Tin fight vs Unstoppable (Cube)
*  
## Secrets and Clues  
  
* The Assassins can't interfere with Brass Fist Vanta has learned of Moonwing's association so they plan to capture him for interrogation.   
*  The Troupe could make trouble if they learn the villains are interfering with an associate.
*  Devil and Scout are recalled to accompany next barge of Electrum and Souls. Watcher says they will be ready to process them. Also taking the Memory Crystal with them.
* If BF beats Steel Claw Mother will proclaim/advertise his victory as the current most successful prototype in the Joint Organic Electrum Imperative. Apologises that we all lose loved ones but that will soon be a thing of the past. Then accepts the responsibility of defending Cogdoor. 
*  BF Struggles with emotions because they were deliberately dampened, Steel Claw got full dose and it drove them mad. BF also has no limits to free will
  
## Fantastic Locations  
  
**Location**: aspect, aspect, aspect  
   
## Important NPCs  
  
**Name.** Description  
  
**Name.** Description  
  
**Name.** Description  
  
**Name.** Description  
  
## Potential Monsters  
  
* MouseTrap - https://genesysadversaries.dylanpetrusma.com/#big-cat
* Rat Swarm - https://genesysadversaries.dylanpetrusma.com/#hyperrat-swarm 
*  
*  
*  
## Potential Treasure  
  
* Description  
*  
*  
*