---
tags:
  - Session-Prep
---
## Characters  
  
**Akki.**
- Description.
  
**Idril.**
- Description.  
  
**Brass Fist.**
- Description.  

**Toby.**
- Description.

**Magnus.**
- Description.

**Edna & Xol.**
- Description.  


  
## Strong Start  
  
Description of your strong start.  
  
## Scenes  
  
* Small scene description.  
*  
*  
*  
*  
  
## Secrets and Clues  
  
* Mother will proclaim/advertise BFs victory as the current most successful prototype in the Joint Organic Electrum Imperative. Apologises that we all lose loved ones but that will soon be a thing of the past. Then accepts the responsibility of defending Cogdoor. 
* Rustwing claims the right to build the new Fabricant Militia.
* Pits BF against SC to see if he is better than the last prototype. 
* BFs independence and free will have been the biggest achievement. "The Privilege of Free will is not a license for disobedience boy"
* STEEL CLAW REVEALS that Rustwing wants BF to surrender so that they can dismantle them and replicate the process.
* Steel Claw wants to give all fabricants the "free will" that he has gained, but his methods lead to ripper rage. He can still be controlled by Rustwing however so it still useful.
* The Miracle of your BFs creation has yet to be replicated but the new Alpha generation will be fine warriors to defend Cogdoor.
* 
*  BF Struggles with emotions because they were deliberately dampened, Steel Claw got full dose and it drove them mad. BF also has no limits to free will
*  
*  Vanta implies they plan to kidnap moonwing
*  
*  
*  
  
## Fantastic Locations  
  
**Location**: aspect, aspect, aspect  
  

## Important NPCs  
  
**Ravenna Rustwing.** Description  
  
**Vanta Shikari.** Description  
  
**Elana Eriyador.** Description  
  
**Steel Claw.** Description

**Watcher 1.** Description  
  
## Potential Monsters  
  
* GOLEM FORM
https://genesysadversaries.dylanpetrusma.com/#brass-golem  
*  WATCHER DRONES
*https://genesysadversaries.dylanpetrusma.com/#hunter-killer-drone
Eye Rays:
Prettification: 6 DMG Crit 3 Ensnare 1 On hit can't take manoeuvres for 1 turn, may make a 3p athletics to resist, if fail with despair petrification
Disintegrate: 6DMG Crit 3 Sunder
Death: 9 DMG Crit 2 Vicious 3
Telekinesis: 6 DMG Crit 3 Move Target 1 Range Band / Knockdown
Sleep: 5 Stun Damage Cannot Crit, STUN 6 Ignores Soak Strain Damage


*  
*  
## Potential Treasure  
  
* BF, TBD, Mag = Fight Commision Silver
* Edna Gambling Winnings
* Akki Sponsorship Money
* BF Designer Winnings Free 400sp Augment
*  
*  
*