---
tags:
  - Session-Prep
---
## Characters  
  
**Akki.**
- Comentator.
- 
  
**Idril.**
- Hunted by Vanta.  
  
**Brass Fist.**
- Oracle
- Dojo
- Fight
  

**Toby.**
- Repentant Priest approaches Toby for help believing they are a Justicar. Many of their church goers have gone missing.  

**Magnus.**
- Scrap Electrum examination  .

**Edna & Xol.**
- Xol suggests a trade with Xarphious to obtain an Infernal Chronicle. Allows those asking for infernal deals to be contacted and projected to. *similar to hell or high rollers*


  
## Strong Start  
  
Sweet Victory, Crowds Cheering. Idril paranoia seeing Vanta in every shadow.
## Scenes  
  
* Aurgur and Brass Fist.  
*  
*  
*  
*  
  
## Secrets and Clues  
  
* Oracles Prophesy
* *"Within the crucible's dance, the progeny shall be sire to birth a legion. Chase the echoes of vanishing skin, through labyrinthine miners veins ,To the domain of ruins and abominations, resurrected sunken citadel. Immortality through unholy marriage. Lair of the spectator, clues to progeny purpose. Beware the forever unpeeled"*

*  
*  
  
## Fantastic Locations  
  
**Location**: aspect, aspect, aspect  
  
  
## Important NPCs  
  
**Augur.** A fabricant used in a teleportation magic test, they were split throughout all the planes and perceive time as the interlopers do but interpreting all that input and their connection to the Far Realms results in cryptic prophesies that the brass elves found too poetic for real use. A monk dojo was built around them as some believed they could access higher wisdoms.    
  
**Brother Ferrous.** Repentant Priest.  
  
**Name.** Description  
  
**Name.** Description  
  
## Potential Monsters  
  
* MouseTrap - https://genesysadversaries.dylanpetrusma.com/#big-cat
* Rat Swarm - https://genesysadversaries.dylanpetrusma.com/#hyperrat-swarm 
*  2 Tiger-bots; one breathes fire, the other when dies releases the rat swarm
*  
*  
## Potential Treasure  
  
* 200 silver for each victor (akki gets their commision at the end of the tourney)
* 
*  BF gets choice of reward from Augur: Center yourself (Heroic Recovery Talent), Superior Armaments (Augur's Assault) or 
*  
*