---
tags:
  - Session-Prep
  - Cutscene
---
Beneath the ravages of the mana flood see a group of necromancer cultists. Their palms bleed with forbidden dark rites as their ritual finally opens the ancient stone door before them. their lanternlight flickers as an onrush of air, dry as corpse dust and heavy with centuries, is released from the yawning darkness within. Beyond, a large chamber waited—silent, cold, at it's centre row upon row of runes formed a grim mosaic, like jaws holding back whatever lurks within.

“This is it,” the leader whispered, breath shallow with greed. “His knowledge will be ours. We will go first, the rest of you wait and join us after.”

They stepped across the threshold. The air shifted—every breath turned brittle. With a grinding weight, the door drew shut behind them, cutting off the corridor in an instant.

“Here lies one who saw our lord's rise and fall” the lead necromancer whispered, his voice trembling with both awe and greed. “Imagine what secrets await us. Kept here safe behind ancient traps” 

Through chamber after chamber they creeped through the dark untill one careless step doomed them all. 
One cultists investigating a corpse on a slab flinched as the headless monster twitched, they stagger backward to get their balance, tripping a concealed pressure pad. 

The group freeze as their leader whispers "You idiot you've killed us all." as blue flames begin to burst up in alcove braziers the cultists see the true horror of their surroundings. Not just library of ancient histories they hoped for, this place, this lab, is not some dead curiosity. It is very much alive. 

The cultists raised their hands, desperate incantations spilling from their lips. The leader with more sense than the others ran, stopping only to bar the large stone doors once more. 
From the hallway outside, only muffled sounds remained—chants that wavered into screams, the thud of bodies striking stone, the crackle of sorcery torn apart mid-spell. A hollow laughter seeped through the cracks in the door, colder than the grave, followed by the frantic hammering of fists against the sealed stone.

The pounding grew weaker. Then silence—broken only by a final, drawn-out shriek that ended not in death, but in something… else.

And then stillness.

The cultists heavy breath the only sound as they brace their back against the door. With all the courage they have they peek through the keyhole into the darkness beyond. Two glowing gemstones hover around head height, blood red rubies stare boring into the cultists soul from afar. Thoughts pour into their mind unbidden, like whispers bypassing the brain and going straight down their spine.

“Poor guest! You seek my secrets, yet bring only your lives as to as tithe.”

All too late the cultists reads the runes at their feet, they do not keep intruders out, they keep this horror in. 





